Documentation changes for manuscript release (#1661)
Princeton-LSI-ResearchComputing/tracebase: TraceBaseDocs/TraceBaseDocs/About/How TraceBase Handles Data.md

an already completed (and loaded) submission.  The researcher then uploads additional data for that serum sample, and
TraceBase updates the (previously missing) Fcirc value (and any other calculated values related to the new data).

## <a name="curated_v_raw"></a>Raw Versus Curated Data

TraceBase provides the option to upload raw mass spectrometry files (e.g. .raw and .mzXML files) for each `Sample`.
Importantly, TraceBase does not directly associate the curated data (`PeakData` or `PeakGroup`s) with the exact `.mzXML`
file from which it came.  Instead, TraceBase associates the mass spectrometry file(s) with the `Sample` (which is a
description of the biological entity, like the quadricep from animal 123). The exact relationship within the database is
more complex but beyond the scope of this description.

Practically, you can download mzXML files associated with the `Samples` found in an Advanced Search of `PeakData` or
`PeakGroups`.  This download is uniformly organized based on the sequence and the information extracted from the `mzXML`
file (e.g. polarity and scan range).

### Searching for Raw Data Files

> Note that all search functionality on TraceBase is geared toward curated peak data (e.g. `PeakData` and `PeakGroup`
> records that were manually picked by a researcher in El-Maven and natural abundance corrected).  Every one of those
> records is associated with a sample (and a MS run sequence), and every one of the `mzXML` files associated with that
> sample will be included in the search results whether it was used for peak picking or not.  I.e. as long as the
> researcher provided the sample metadata and picked **any** peaks from it, and loaded natural abundance corrected data on
> those peaks, you can find all mzXML files associated with that sample in the Advanced Search.
> 
> However, there can exist as-yet totally unanalyzed `mzXML` files in the archive that will not show up in the Advanced
> Search because either the associated sample was never loaded or that sample's raw data was never peak-picked.  TraceBase
> archives all raw files whether they were included in the researcher's analysis or not.  You can find these totally
> unanalyzed raw files via the archive page.
> 
> In the case where a sample was loaded, but peaks were never picked (or the peak annotation file was excluded from the
> load), you can also find it via the MS Run Samples page (which you can navigate to via the MS Run Sequences page).

Author: Change text to:
```suggestion
mzXML files from which curated peaks were derived can be found using the Advanced Search.  In the rare case, when a Sample was uploaded without any curated data, the mzXML exists in TraceBase, but cannot be found using the Advanced Search page.  However, any mzXML can be found on the Archive Files page.

Support for improved access to all mzXML files regardless of the existence of curated peaks will be added in the future.
```

dynamically maintains these calculated values for constant accuracy.  Calculated data can be found in three types of
output: [PeakData](../Download/About%20the%20Data/Data%20Types/PeakData.md),
[PeakGroups](../Download/About%20the%20Data/Data%20Types/PeakGroups.md), and
[FCirc](../Download/About%20the%20Data/Data%20Types/FCirc.md).  Some calculations rely on other calculated data (e.g.
[Normalized Labeling](../Values/Normalized%20Labeling.md) of a measured compound in a PeakGroup from one sample uses the
[Enrichment Fraction](../Values/Enrichment%20Fraction.md) of the tracer compound in the last serum sample from the same
animal).  Calculated values are comparable across experiments.  Calculated values can be affected by changes to or
additions of records in the database.  For example, a researcher discovers previously overlooked serum sample data after
an already completed (and loaded) submission.  The researcher then uploads additional data for that serum sample, and
TraceBase updates the (previously missing) Fcirc value (and any other calculated values related to the new data).

> ## <a name="curated_v_raw"></a>Raw Versus Curated Data

Reviewer: I think I see what you mean - besides a short description like this is acceptable, especially if users support is provided.
